Roleselection: Layering (#649)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

- Added ConVar to toggle double-click buying
- Added Japanese translation (by @Westoon)

> - Added Drag&Drop role layering VGUI, accessable with the console command `ttt2_edit_rolelayering`. Keep in mind that `ttt_[roleName]_random` and similar conditions are still taking place in the calculations. 
>   So if you wanna have a real "50/50" selection in a two-entry-sized "OR"-table layer, then you have to set the related `ttt_[roleName]_random` ConVars to 100%.

Reviewer: I get what you are trying to do, but usage/explanations of changes shouldn't be documented in the changelog.
A page in our docs should be the way to go imo

```suggestion
- Added Drag&Drop role layering VGUI, accessible with the console command `ttt2_edit_rolelayering`
```

Reviewer 2: Since this will be removed once integrated into the settings menu, I don't think it is that important

Author: Yea and the other two ToDos are something that has to be discussed but isn't needed currently / for this PR. Additionally, vgui improvements gonna come with/after the vgui PR.

- Added ConVar to toggle double-click buying
- Added Japanese translation (by @Westoon)

> - Added Drag&Drop role layering VGUI, accessible with the console command `ttt2_edit_rolelayering`

Reviewer 3: Please move the changes to the `Unreleased` section again. (Was moved due to a merge/release)

Author: Done with https://github.com/TTT-2/TTT2/pull/649/commits/f26eb2e183979dfd5d55f2660101db70d14b766c
